docs: update docs, deps, and tests for charms with libs (#2281)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/observe-your-charm-with-cos-lite.md

ubuntu@juju-sandbox-k8s:~/fastapi-demo$ charmcraft fetch-libs
```

You might see a warning that Charmcraft cannot get a keyring. You can ignore the warning.

> After Charmcraft has downloaded the libraries, you project's `lib` directory contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After Charmcraft has downloaded the library, your project's `lib` directory contains:
```

Author: Oops, thanks. Corrected "you" --> "your" but kept "libraries" as `charmcraft fetch-libs` is downloading several libraries in this chapter
